# Peace-Perfectionist
A brief description of your academic/professional career.
My name is Jia Si. I am a second-year student majoring in MSF&MSBA dual degree at the Brandeis International Business School. Before that, I graduated from the Boston University School of Law and majored in Banking and Financial law. That was the first time I explored the financial market. After that, I worked as a credit risk analyst in the Bank of China where I realized more financial background is needed if I wanted to transfer to the financial area and that is the reason I came here to study. In the future, I am looking forward to positions related to asset management or risk analysis. 

Sijie Liu is a MSBA student at Brandeis International Business School. Before that, she gained her bachelor’s degree and majored in accounting and she wants to have more learning in the analysis and data understanding in Brandeis. She has a clear professional goal to be a product manager. In the future, she may plan to apply for PhD and accomplish more research and projects which focus on her interests in service design. She has two internship in financial and business field which are audit intern and Operations Intern. She learned some skills in data wangling and analyzing professional financial report.

Zijie Wang is a second-year dual degree student in MSF&MSBA. Before that, he gained his bachelor’s degree majoring in accounting and journalism. He has clear study and research goals and plans to apply for a Ph.D. after graduation. He has a great interest in exploring all kinds of new knowledge by reading books or taking all other useful resources to improve his academic background. His concentration is Risk management.

Xinpeng is an undergraduate student majoring in Business and will graduate next year. He has a great interest in data analysis and is willing to spend time exploring and improving data skills. After graduation, he may want to apply for a master’s degree and narrow more in the finance and data analysis area. 
